# Run2VBSWGamma_ntuple for JES/R uncertainty investigation

compile under lxplus6

cmsrel CMSSW_8_0_32

cd CMSSW_8_0_32/src

cmsenv 

git cms-init

git cms-merge-topic cms-egamma:EGM_gain_v1

cd EgammaAnalysis/ElectronTools/data

git clone https://github.com/ECALELFS/ScalesSmearings.git

git checkout -b Moriond17_gainSwitch_unc/Moriond17_23Jan_v2

cd ../../../

sed -i '1ccorrectionType = "Moriond17_23Jan"' EgammaAnalysis/ElectronTools/python/calibrationTablesRun2.py

git cms-merge-topic lathomas:L1Prefiring_8_0_32

git cms-merge-topic cms-met:METRecipe_8020 -u

git-cms-addpkg CommonTools/UtilAlgos/
git-cms-addpkg CommonTools/UtilAlgos/
git-cms-addpkg CondFormats/JetMETObjects
git-cms-addpkg DataFormats/Candidate/
git-cms-addpkg DataFormats/Common/   
git-cms-addpkg DataFormats/EgammaCandidates/
git-cms-addpkg DataFormats/HepMCCandidate/  
git-cms-addpkg DataFormats/Math/          
git-cms-addpkg DataFormats/PatCandidates/
git-cms-addpkg FWCore/Framework
git-cms-addpkg FWCore/ParameterSet
git-cms-addpkg FWCore/PluginManager
git-cms-addpkg FWCore/Utilities    
git-cms-addpkg GeneratorInterface/LHEInterface
git-cms-addpkg HLTrigger/HLTcore              
git-cms-addpkg JetMETCorrections/Algorithms
git-cms-addpkg JetMETCorrections/Modules   
git-cms-addpkg JetMETCorrections/Objects
git-cms-addpkg MuonAnalysis/MuonAssociators
git-cms-addpkg PhysicsTools/Heppy          
git-cms-addpkg PhysicsTools/PatAlgos
git-cms-addpkg PhysicsTools/PatExamples
git-cms-addpkg PhysicsTools/PatUtils   
git-cms-addpkg RecoEcal/EgammaCoreTools
git-cms-addpkg RecoEgamma/EgammaTools  
git-cms-addpkg SimDataFormats/JetMatching/


git clone https://github.com/qianminghuang/VBSWA_JESR.git VAJets
